---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/sabara.jpg
navigation: True
title: LetMeHack 2k18  - Sabaragamuwa University of Sri Lanka
date: 2018-12-06 08:00:01
tags: saborg
class: post-template
subclass: 'post tag-speeches'
author: samith
---

“LetMeHack  v1.0 “ was the first ever product oriented hackathon in the history of all hackathons hosted by Sabaragamuwa University of Sri Lanka. It was organized by the IEEE Student branch of SUSL in collaboration with Society of Computer Sciences and Department of Computing and Information Systems of the Sabaragamuwa University of Sri Lanka. It was successfully held on 24th and 25th February 2018 at the University premises.
20 teams representing 12 state universities and 8 private universities were competed against one another while building a complete open sourced product. It was not just a 12 hours of combat in the code arena. There were some thrilling events like campfire & mini games which made way to collaboration between teams.
 The main purpose of LetMeHack was to develop a backend for a front-end design that had already been developed by the organizing team. Participants were given GitHub issues to commit and solve the dilemmas and they were judged by a set of experts in the field who represented companies such as IdeaMart, 99x Technology, Virtusa, and CeyDigital. In addition, the participants had assistance from 15 highly experienced and proficient mentors, from companies such as RS Metrics, Sysco Labs, Arimac, and Gapsters.  
The winner was the Team Void, from the University Of Colombo School of Computing, getting a cash prize of LKR 50,000. The 1st Runners Up was Team DeltaX from the University of Peradeniya, who was awarded a cash prize of LKR 35,000. Lastly, the 2nd runner up was claimed by Team Scorpions from University of Moratuwa, who were awarded a cash prize of LKR 25,000.
