---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/project-bridge.jpg
navigation: True
title: Design Project Competition
date: 2018-10-02 08:00:01
tags: morapes
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: user
---
**Design Project Competition**

IEEE Power and Energy Society (PES) Student Branch Chapter (SBC) of University of Moratuwa in collaboration with the Electrical Engineering Society (EESoc) of University of Moratuwa organized the EE Design Project Competition for the third consecutive year. The competition is organized with the purpose of rewarding and appreciating the students’ innovative skills and to inspire them in enhancing the design skills. This year, it was successfully held on July 17, 2018.

Design Project Competition open the path for semester three electrical engineering students of University of Moratuwa to help develop teamwork, innovation, choice of materials, survey skills, pricing and marketing skills and manufacturing through a simple engineering design. Each group with 3 members, identifies a significant engineering problem, proposes a solution and then proceeds to demonstrate feasibility of their solution through construction of a prototype.

Evaluation of the design project was done in two stages. In the first stage, best five projects were selected for the second round from 33 teams. In the second round, the selected teams had to do a presentation on survey results, specifications of the product and feasibility of introducing the product to the market. In this stage, three teams; winner, 1st Runner up, 2nd Runner up were chosen based on their performance, and they were awarded with certificates and cash prizes.
