---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/project-bridge.jpg
navigation: True
title: IEEE Innovation Nation Sri Lanka 2018  
date: 2018-10-04 08:00:01
tags: insl
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: user
---
**IEEE Innovation Nation Sri Lanka 2018**

Every great innovation starts off with a simple idea and each such idea needs guidance to improvise, finance to develop and an insight on the industry it addresses. This sums up the aims of IEEE Innovation Nation Sri Lanka (INSL) 2018 in providing the young entrepreneurs with essential training, mentorship and seed-funding in order to make way to successful entrepreneurs, hence, establishing the foundation for our nation’s prosperity.

IEEE INSL 2018 was opened to the youth of Sri Lanka a few months back and currently, the competition is successfully halfway through its training sessions after the preliminary round. The ten selected teams are being trained on different aspects of entrepreneurship and thus far we have covered areas such as Design thinking, Market Analysis, Business Models and Soft Skill Development. If you're an enthusiast of these workshops, keep an eye on our social media feeds to join the future workshops. 

IEEE Innovation Nation Sri Lanka 2018 will be unveiling its grand finale together with IEEE Sri Lanka Section Student/Young Professional/Women in Engineering Congress 2018. In the final round, the selected teams have to pitch and win their funding from the judges who may double as investors. Furthermore, this competition would be the opportunity for the investors to meet the true innovators of the current youth who have not only technical knowledge but the refined qualities of businesspersons that are needed in the industry.

IEEE INSL 2018 has been successfully making its stride to create all-rounded entrepreneurs and we hope we acquire the utmost cooperation from everyone to accomplish our cause.

