---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/flyeee.jpg
navigation: True
title: FlyEEE 1.0 Drone Workshop
date: 2018-10-03 08:00:01
tags: morasb
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
author: user
---
**FlyEEE 1.0 Drone Workshop**

IEEE Student Branch of University of Moratuwa, organized FlyEEE 1.0 for the first time with the aim of providing and enhancing the enthusiasm on modeling of drones, which is currently the most far gone technological invention.

FlyEEE 1.0 is a technical workshop which was organized with the utmost intention of enhancing and updating the technological knowledge of the undergraduates on this vastly improving field. Entire session was focused on three areas, 
- Basic tips and tools to build a drone
- Mathematical modeling and development of drones
- Applications, trends and future developing areas of drones

Moreover, it was an awareness session of the IEEE UoM student branch to magnetize the new members with pleasant attitudes towards the branch.

The event, contained two basic sessions, which were conducted on 23rd and 24th of May, 2018 from 5.00p.m. to 7.30 p.m. at JG hall with a participation over 120 students from both faculty of engineering as well as faculty of IT.

Day first was basically to provide the beginners with an idea about the application of drones and their basic construction. Mr. Aruna Jayasena, Mr. Akila Uyanwatte and Mr. Iresh Jayawardena was conducted sessions on the first day.

Second day was all about the mathematical modeling of drones. Engineer Janith Kalpa explained the mathematical model of the drone in detail meanwhile Mr. Tharindu Suraj clarified  on sensor fusion of drones.
        
All the sessions were winded up with highly positive feedbacks and the main objective of FlyEEE 1.0, to make aware and motivate the undergraduates in the field of drones was accomplished. There were certain requests asking to conduct upcoming events as open events and also to conduct a drone competition. It is a great pleasure to mention that FlyEEE 1.0 became one of the most successful events conducted by IEEE student branch for the year 2018. 
